
---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: NSO"
description: |-
  The NSO provider provides resources to interact with one or more Cisco NSO (Network Sevices Orchestrator) instances.
---

# NSO Provider

The NSO provider provides resources to interact with one or more Cisco NSO (Network Sevices Orchestrator) instances.

The following example repositories exist to demonstrate the use of the provider:

- [MPLS VPN Service Example](https://github.com/netascode/terraform-nso-service-example)

It communicates with NSO instances via RESTCONF, which requires the RESTCONF API to be enabled in `ncs.conf`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "nso" {
  username = "admin"
  password = "admin"
  url      = "http://localhost:8080"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. This can also be set as the NSO_INSECURE environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
- `instances` (Attributes List) This can be used to manage a list of instances from a single provider. All instances must use the same credentials. Each resource and data source has an optional attribute named `instance`, which can then select an instance by its name from this list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the NSO instance. This can also be set as the NSO_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries for RESTCONF API calls. This can also be set as the NSO_RETRIES environment variable. Defaults to `1`.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco NSO instance. Optionally a port can be added with `:12345`. The default port is `443`. This can also be set as the NSO_URL environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username for the NSO instance. This can also be set as the NSO_USERNAME environment variable.

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Required:

- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco NSO instance.